docs: update aws marketplace docs (#3314)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/introduction/billing-aws-marketplace.md

---
title: AWS Marketplace
enableTableOfContents: true
subtitle: Paying for Neon via your AWS Billing account
updatedOn: '2025-01-29T20:47:39.837Z'
---

> Neon supports billing through the [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-fgeh3a7yeuzh6?sr=0-1&ref_=beagle&applicationId=AWSMPContessa) for [Private Offers](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/partners/private-offers/) only, which are typically reserved for custom Neon plans.

Author: ```suggestion
Neon supports billing through the [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-fgeh3a7yeuzh6?sr=0-1&ref_=beagle&applicationId=AWSMPContessa) for [Private Offers](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/partners/private-offers/) only, which are typically reserved for custom Enterprise plans. If you are interested in exploring a custom Enterprise plan with Neon, please reach out to our [Sales](https://neon.tech/contact-sales) team.
```

> Neon [self-service pricing plans](https://neon.tech/pricing), are currently not purchasable through the AWS Marketplace. You can only purchase these plans through Neon.

Author: ```suggestion
Neon [self-service pricing plans](https://neon.tech/pricing) are currently not purchasable through the AWS Marketplace. You can only purchase these plans through Neon.
```

> If you have any questions or require assistance with billing via AWS, please reach out to [Neon Support](https://console.neon.tech/app/projects?modal=support).

Author: ```suggestion
If you have any questions about billing in general or require assistance, please reach out to [Neon Support](https://console.neon.tech/app/projects?modal=support).
```
